# CSI_1430_Gp_Proj
Public Space Invaders

General integration workflow guide:

Note: using apps like gitkraken or githubDesktop will make viewing and commiting changes easier. 
      But commandline works perfectly fine if you know what you are doing.

1. Always branch and work on local first.
2. Pull from master, fix conflicts and bugs locally before pushing to master.
3. Annouce push to master on Discord before commiting the push to minimize update clashes, 
   mainly so that no two people are pushing at the same time,which willcause a lot of problems.
4. Add local only files to .gitignore, 
   such as .cbp and .depend files generated by CodeBlock.
5. Clean up your own shit.

EX: Anyone that breaks master will have to buy everyone else a meal.

-----------------------------------------
Git tutorial:  

General:  
https://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/

On gitignore and other commands:  
https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/saving-changes/gitignore

On merging:  
https://dev.to/neshaz/how-to-use-git-merge-the-correctway-25pd  

Detailed command line approach:  
https://gist.github.com/colinsurprenant/9b081958b50cfecc210c

Note: It's easier to use the apps, like GH Desktop or GitKraken, mainly  
for the simple QoL functions such as that bringing the changes over to  
your branch and ease of conflict resolve.

-----------------------------------------

Github Desktop General Usage Guide:

Creating new branch from master:  
1. Clone repository
2. Create your branch first, name it whatever you like.
3. Switch over to your branch.
4. (Optional, if you just clone from a fresh master, no need to pull)  
Pull from master.
5. Work on your branch.

Merging your branch into master:  
1. Commit your work, remember to comment usage messages.
2. (Optional, if master is updated) "Update from master" (under Branch  
tab) first, and resolve all conflicts if they exist.  
3. Push origin to YOUR branch.
4. Switch over to Master.
5. Your can use a) the option tabs or b) the drop down menu:  
	a) 1. Click "Branch" tab   
	   2. Select "Merge into current branch"  
	   3. Click your branch  
	b) 1. Click the drop down arrow on Current branch  
	   2. Swtich to Master  
	   3. Select "Choose a branch to merge into Master"  

	Note: yes, you'd need to switch back and forth to your branch and    
	master every time.

6. Push to origin to Master

7. Don't forget to switch back to your branch!!!

Note: Always select "Bring my changes to *[your branch]*" when 
switching branches.  
And ALWAYS commit and update your branch first!

hey this is ivan